slightly not cons to soften wood
are rush these marijuana and amos smile
crack the slab like piranhas
I balance all the moors in Wolof
in lingala
I'm bali contest where spots to have
my mouth on gala rappers
disguise dream of having the buzz and
zahia I will see from every angle
your friends the mascaras too much things
which separates us and bombed since
Start Meriem years who fights sauce
monflanquin of kalach latics an internship that
just teal well the real ones the
tavini rage stares us
true no adversary has led any
the clique you can not make me site
one shot and the pros but I have a big
part for stone choirs
neighborhood a cycle of 12 in their little
is there level you can not deny since
the time 6-3 5-7 garibaldi third
basement and free style without cassette
tori band he must I the basement of
crystal on the spot I have a heart ache
proverb bantou booker that ben yes
I try to be offered
I know that listening to tum analyzes you
can do tags what what who what
that he says I realize that I keep the
control a loner you see my de bize
solidarity but you say bigfoot hurray
in crisis you better do it
let go
in search of a duel those who
criticize them miss the call
I always leave alone jet of
insurance to the mutual shot of the
hungry make rise bel as at the time
where teal garges at pala corta not so
you put it in my range is sometimes
pathetic admires the technique makes the
music lover for fantastic I have the
vanilla to eliminate the manias of the
enemies who get excited at the slightest irec
this down a dream and the way in
the field of sound to this team she
love the sea would need a lot more for
that stop me I fight the steaks
do not take my head I did that
visit but dream walk or the crib the
trace of mobiles at the end of such is my
critical criticism until we get up
just that which can record the relief of
quality quantity delimit the field but
limited good can only ben ali
plots started truths I know you
can not deny it you know it you do not
do you should have used
loose turn and volleying in
their horses we are everywhere must not
touch everything though I chain them
views on che blue has the forces all my
team and I rent for us big
pairs of eyes sleep
walou a whore you be far in 2 4 6
we erase them all call the 17 for
the rescue we fart the form then
blows softly this bias we push them back
from 0,13 fetuses to afp mieko to start
to micromania the sneaks game the body
live from the initial capital 84 and
finally how much will it charge the batteries
founded the colossal heat is true we
would have pissed off as a risk to
next births arena unions
is affirmed as I possibly me
pass and electric and the phenomenon
affects the lungs fouled young
have just fallen
difficult to see clearly by losing
life all collapses it's too late
for it was typing when you see that you
know greenback funds at 1 pm war
that's how this world works
that you told me that you lose is the
cemetery ultimately made
trust to nobody I advance with
skill but lying talent the
legendary contract and pekin semouya
but to leave not all of us you can
you're not going future and the man are
posted at its doors this is
cool to be of essence at the top artist
rap that proved techradar on 800 m
of the world serve as a comet the
violence that can the assembly ever
to look like objective we gather
see that pressure to the elysée spit no
your rap
the fund put in a circle and not your
appetite that these theories as a
back taste of shit in the mud that's
horrible
adeline breakage of gold chain or even to
to sing nothing around the rascal
house that reason all broken but
tinkers want to pierce but the fish
seal the heads of posted cash
the ladder then we climb in rap and g the
aim was precisely for 10th
pillars of rap game floating mosh pit and
the beams morocco strong nothing to fuck my
rap tap the gait coming out of the abyss
you eat and would spend all the money
skull the louvre tus opener pirates
like jack sparrow is waterproof and that
comes from the west mecca my mouth are going
float everything blues we added
our chains in the growth of breasts
are armed the slaved thomas under the
rain by dmc are poor puppet and
their puppeteers this year
it's already pelotas his page of crimes of
creators armstrong and whore luke adam
everything is complete and clear room match
because the bombay think I'm aiming for nobody and
everyone before we put the
question and if you ask me the question
is con what falls on the waves cemac
in the region I'm rapping what I think
the revolution is on the move and the
blacks cuts that they think
ok elio poveda killed meal since larry
cause rcm jump left me does the
9 5 200 I know an acquaintance she
capita lascars
hop hop hop hop hop to jo